add nx.json project.json to Well-known files (#6488)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/tiny-towns-boil.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> nx.json and project.json are well known

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nx.json` and `project.json` have been added to the list of well-known files.
```
